there open this door here open this door
and it was over the but the bun-chan
open this door hey hey
I'm not denigrating you are no not I
don't even know what that means
you pick it's this subtle thing you do
it so like pick me how do I pick like
for instance where I'm from my hometown
I never said a word about Ohio it's
always there
I like Ohio you've never even been I was
read about it give a to be oh whoa
what's that
see that was a joke everything's a joke
you're like a goldfish you can't stand
one subject longer than several seconds
so what you know I think it's fun it's
exhausting I mean I find this cannot the
need to make light of everything tires
don't move
how the human body is fascinating you
know what I can't be with you anymore
but why have you billed me for two years
I have no idea
Oh No
I don't know how I'll ever go to another
live read at LACMA eat pastrami on riot
Cantor's or pick through the dollar bin
at Book Soup again we did everything
together
true
I don't even know what that means
who's that I mean I know but I don't
movement constitutes illegal trust love